Your processor has processed too many instructions.  Turn it off immediately, do not type any commands!!
The mouse escaped.
transition to IPv5
Hot Java has gone cold
sounds like a Windows problem, try calling Microsoft support
network down, IP packets delivered via UPS
Root name servers corrupted.
the curls in your keyboard cord are losing electricity.
Just type 'mv * /dev/null'.
the daemons! the daemons! the terrible daemons!
Repeated reboots of the system failed to solve problem
Trojan horse ran out of hay
not properly grounded, please bury computer
not enough memory, go get system upgrade
incompatible bit-registration operators
The UPS is on strike.
the router thinks its a printer.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Your EMAIL is now being delivered by the USPS.
loop found in loop in redundant loopback
Big to little endian conversion error
Have you tried to RTFM?
The file system is full of it
Traffic jam on the Information Superhighway.
Mouse has out-of-cheese-error
astropneumatic oscillations in the water-cooling
Daemons loose in system.
It's not plugged in.
CPU radiator broken
defective keyboard controller
Backbone Scoliosis
Did you pay the new Support Fee?
evil hackers from Serbia.
Secretary sent chain letter to all 5000 employees.
Server depressed, needs Prozac
We only support a 1200 bps connection.
Complete Transient Lockout
The vulcan-death-grip ping has been applied.
Typo in the code
We didn't pay the Internet bill and it's been cut off.
had to use hammer to free stuck disk drive heads.
The monitor is plugged into the serial port
The CPU has shifted, and become decentralized.
dry joints on cable plug
The POP server is out of Coke
Incorrectly configured static routes on the corerouters.
routing problems on the neural net
vapors from evaporating sticky-note adhesives
user to computer ration too low.
You've been infected by the Telescoping Hubble virus.
the real ttys became pseudo ttys and vice-versa.
electro-magnetic pulses from French above ground nuke testing.
The vendor put the bug there.
TCP/IP UDP alarm threshold is set too low.
Little hamster in running wheel had coronary; waiting for replacement to be Fedexed from Wyoming
Vendor no longer supports the product
We already sent around a notice about that.
Feature not yet implemented
filesystem not big enough for Jumbo Kernel Patch
Xorg broke again
The monitor needs another box of pixels.
POSIX compliance problem
User was distributing pornography on server; system seized by FBI.
The Token fell out of the ring. Call us when you find it.
Webmasters kidnapped by evil cult.
U.S. Postal Service
CPU-angle has to be adjusted because of vibrations coming from the nearby road
We're out of slots on the server
boss forgot system password
Boss' kid fucked up the machine
Bad cafeteria food landed all the sysadmins in the hospital.
Small animal kamikaze attack on power supplies
bugs in the RAID
We are Microsoft.  What you are experiencing is not a problem; it is an undocumented feature.
Change in Earth's rotational speed
Traceroute says that there is a routing problem in the backbone.  It's not our problem.
positron router malfunction
sysadmins on strike due to broken coffee machine
multicasts on broken packets
Someone is broadcasting pygmy packets and the router doesn't know how to deal with them.
Melting hard drives
Incorrect time synchronization
knot in cables caused data stream to become twisted and kinked
Sysadmins unavailable because they are in a meeting talking about why they are unavailable so much.
Failure to adjust for daylight savings time.
the butane lighter causes the pincushioning
Someone is standing on the ethernet cable, causing a kink in the cable
Mouse chewed through power cable
I'm not sure.  Try calling the Internet's head office -- it's in the book.
Your processor has taken a ride to Heaven's Gate on the UFO behind Hale-Bopp's comet.
The co-locator cannot verify the frame-relay gateway to the ISDN server.
Software uses US measurements, but the OS is in metric...
Someone hooked the twisted pair wires into the answering machine.
firewall needs cooling
Ionization from the air-conditioning
All of the packets are empty.
Just pick up the phone and give modem connect sounds.
DNS, it's always the DNS
T-1's congested due to porn traffic to the news server.
Dumb terminal
Cache miss - please take better aim next time
emissions from GSM-phones
We've picked COBOL as the language of choice.
new management
Communications satellite used by the military for star wars.
asynchronous inode failure
Budget cuts forced us to sell all the power cords for the servers.
The salesman drove over the CPU board.
Someone was smoking in the computer room and set off the halon systems.
the xy axis in the trackball is coordinated with the summer solstice
Only people with names beginning with 'A' are getting mail this week (a la Microsoft)
The computer fleetly, mouse and all.
It's the InterNIC's fault.
The cord jumped over and hit the power switch.
It's stuck in the Web.
Interference from lunar radiation
Please excuse me, I have to circuit an AC line through my head to get this database working.
50% of the manual is in .pdf readme files
Firmware update in the coffee machine
microelectronic Riemannian curved-space fault in write-only file system
Internet shut down due to maintenance
Boredom in the Kernel.
sticky bit has come loose
Fiber optics caused gas main leak
Some one needed the powerstrip, so they pulled the switch plug.
The hardware bus needs a new token.
spaghetti cable cause packet failure
The electrician didn't know what the yellow cable was so he yanked the ethernet out.
We are currently trying a new concept of using a live mouse.  Unfortunately, one has yet to survive being hooked up to the computer.....please bear with us.
new guy cross-connected phone lines with ac power bus.
(l)user error
Evil dogs hypnotised the night shift
It was OK before you touched it.
short leg on process table
Having to manually track the satellite.
Someone has messed up the kernel pointers
greenpeace free'd the mallocs
Netscape has crashed
runaway cat on system.
Cosmic ray particles crashed through the hard disk platter
secretary plugged hairdryer into UPS
Of course it doesn't work. We've performed a software upgrade.
pseudo-user on a pseudo-terminal
That function is not currently supported, but Bill Gates assures us it will be featured in the next upgrade.
Jupiter is aligned with Mars.
CPU needs recalibration
we're waiting for [the phone company] to fix that line
virus attack, luser responsible
Mail server hit by UniSpammer.
high pressure system failure
Yes, yes, its called a design limitation
Post-it Note Sludge leaked into the monitor.
Computer room being moved.  Our systems are down for the weekend.
Your parity check is overdrawn and you're out of cache.
le0: no carrier: transceiver cable problem?
Electricians made popcorn in the power supply
first Saturday after first full moon in Winter
Mailer-daemon is busy burning your message in hell.
Layer 8 issue
The rubber band broke
BNC (brain not connected)
YOU HAVE AN I/O ERROR -> Incompetent Operator error
Power Company having EMP problems with their reactor
Fluorescent lights are generating negative ions. If turning them off doesn't work, take them out and put tin foil on the ends.
IRQ-problems with the Un-Interruptible-Power-Supply
manager in the cable duct
excess surge protection
Fatal error right in front of screen
Internet exceeded Luser level, please wait until a luser logs off before attempting to log back on.
We had to turn off that service to comply with the CDA Bill.
My pony-tail hit the on/off switch on the power strip.
disks spinning backwards - toggle the hemisphere jumper.
kernel panic: write-only-memory (/dev/wom0) capacity exceeded.
Support staff hung over, send aspirin and come back LATER.
Data for intranet got routed through the extranet and landed on the internet.
LBNC (luser brain not connected)
Your computer hasn't been returning all the bits it gets from the Internet.
Root nameservers are out of sync
Something happened to the routers
OS swapped to disk
The recent proliferation of Nuclear Testing
Zombie processes haunting the computer
It's not RFC-822 compliant.
temporary routing anomaly
Sysadmins killed when huge stack of backup tapes fell over.
backup tape overwritten with copy of system manager's favourite CD
NOTICE: alloc: /dev/null: filesystem full
endothermal recalibration
Route flapping at the NAP.
working as designed
Stale file handle (next time use Tupperware(tm)!)
Fanout dropping voltage too much, try cutting some of those little traces
Proprietary Information.
The Dilithium Crystals need to be rotated.
overflow error in /dev/null
Electromagnetic energy loss
Out of cards on drive D:
heavy gravity fluctuation, move computer to floor rapidly
excessive collisions & not enough packet ambulances
need to wrap system in aluminum foil to fix problem
Lawn mower blade in your fan need sharpening
That would be because the software doesn't work.
The ring needs another token
improperly oriented keyboard
Neutrino overload on the nameserver
Unoptimized hard drive
The air conditioning water supply pipe ruptured over the machine room
Suspicious pointer corrupted virtual machine
It's union rules. There's nothing we can do about it. Sorry.
Internet outage
Hard drive sleeping. Let it wake up on it's own...
A star wars satellite accidently blew up the WAN.
Sand fleas eating the Internet cables
The kernel license has expired
suboptimal routing experience
Budget cuts
Groundskeepers stole the root password
divide-by-zero error
Borg nanites have infested the server
the printer thinks its a router.
/dev/clue was linked to /dev/null
interrupt configuration error
user to computer ratio too high.
Police are examining all internet packets in the search for a narco-net-trafficker
Your packets were eaten by the terminator
the AA battery in the wallclock sends magnetic interference
radiosity depletion
Processes running slowly due to weak power supply
waste water tank overflowed onto computer
Dyslexics retyping hosts file on servers
Backbone adjustment
Telecommunications is downgrading.
Electrons on a bender
There isn't any problem
The rolling stones concert down the road caused a brown out
Feature was not beta tested
fat electrons in the lines
Sysadmins busy fighting SPAM.
We need a licensed electrician to replace the light bulbs in the computer room.
You're out of memory
cellular telephone interference
Somebody ran the operating system through a spelling checker.
The Usenet news is out of date
Due to Federal Budget problems we have been forced to cut back on the number of users able to access the system at one time. (namely none allowed....)
Robotic tape changer mistook sysadmin's tie for a backup tape.
Telecommunications is downshifting.
Plumber mistook routing panel for decorative wall fixture
CPU needs bearings repacked
The keyboard isn't plugged in
Virus due to computers having unsafe sex.
we just switched to Sprint.
Too much radiation coming from the soil.
system needs to be rebooted
We ran out of dial tone and we're and waiting for the phone company to deliver another bottle.
Decreasing electron flux
Scheduled global CPU outage
Windows 95 undocumented "feature"
Communist revolutionaries taking over the server room and demanding all the computers in the building or they shoot the sysadmin. Poor misguided fools.
Due to the CDA, we no longer have a root account.
Defunct processes
The mainframe needs to rest.  It's getting old, you know.
We only support a 28000 bps connection.
Your modem doesn't speak English.
vi needs to be upgraded to vii
UPS interrupted the server's power
Change your language to Finnish.
Program load too heavy for processor to lift.
network packets travelling uphill (use a carrier pigeon)
Zombie processes detected, machine is haunted.
The Internet is being scanned for viruses.
Too many little pins on CPU confusing it, bend back and forth until 10-20% are neatly removed. Do _not_ leave metal bits visible!
fractal radiation jamming the backbone
We've run out of licenses
Password is too complex to decrypt
floating point processor overflow
According to Microsoft, it's by design
CD-ROM server needs recalibration
Digital Manipulator exceeding velocity parameters
You must've hit the wrong any key.
Daemons did it
Spider infestation in warm case parts
not approved by the FCC
Sysadmin accidentally destroyed pager with a large hammer.
RPC_PMAP_FAILURE
You put the disk in upside down.
Recursivity.  Call back if it happens again.
system has been recalled
Your processor does not develop enough heat.
Computers under water due to SYN flooding.
UBNC (user brain not connected)
your process is not ISO 9000 compliant
Telecommunications is upgrading.
Sticky bits on disk.
Someone thought The Big Red Button was a light switch.
only available on a need to know basis
Your cat tried to eat the mouse.
Our POP server was kidnapped by a weasel.
Your computer's union contract is set to expire at midnight.
Sales staff sold a product we don't offer.
parallel processors running perpendicular today
We're upgrading /dev/null
global warming
we just switched to FDDI.
those damn raccoons!
operation failed because: there is no message for this error (#1014)
Daemon escaped from pentagram
Recursive traversal of loopback mount points
Well fix that in the next update.
HTTPD Error 4004 : very old Intel cpu - insufficient processing power
Temporal anomaly
The data on your hard drive is out of balance.
permission denied
Too few computrons available.
dynamic software linking table corrupted
The new frame relay network hasn't bedded down the software loop transmitter yet.
Browser's cookie is corrupted -- someone's been nibbling on it.
no "any" key on keyboard
You need to install an RTFM interface.
somebody was calculating pi on the server
Write-only-memory subsystem too slow for this machine. Contact your local dealer.
Electrical conduits in machine room are melting.
Maintenance window broken
telnet: Unable to connect to remote host: Connection refused
Unfortunately we have run out of bits/bytes/whatever. Don't worry, the next supply will be coming next week.
descramble code needed from software company
Interference between the keyboard and the chair.
popper unable to process jumbo kernel
static from nylon underwear
Please state the nature of the technical emergency
Someone else stole your IP address, call the Internet detectives!
Collapsed Backbone
static from plastic slide rules
Quantum dynamics are affecting the transistors
..disk or the processor is on fire.
Virus transmitted from computer to sysadmins.
old inkjet cartridges emanate barium-based fumes
Stubborn processes
non-redundant fan failure
A plumber is needed, the network drain is clogged
transient bus protocol violation
because of network lag due to too many people playing deathmatch
broadcast packets on wrong frequency
Someone's tie is caught in the printer, and if anything else gets printed, he'll be in it too.
struck by the Good Times virus
it has Intel Inside
I'm sorry a pentium won't do, you need an SGI to connect with us.
halon system went off and killed the sysadmins.
system consumed all the paper for paging
Satan did it
Operators killed by year 2000 bug bite.
Forced to support NT servers; sysadmins quit.
Stray Alpha Particles from memory packaging caused Hard Memory Error on Server.
static buildup
error: one bad user found in front of screen
The UPS doesn't have a battery backup.
